(both laughing)
- Do you laugh when you're nervous?
- Yes.
- I am!
Can you just hold your horses?
("In the Hall of the Mountain King")
My name is Bjork.
- I'm guessing stuff, but I
don't know what I'm guessing.
- Whew, okay.
(Bjork laughs)
- A little.
Hello!
- Hi.
- I'm Bjork.
- Hi, nice to meet you.
- So good to meet you.
What is your name?
- Carolyn.
- Carolyn, okay.
So I can see you have a hard time walking.
This is like, really
hard, and I don't want her
to have to stand for this long, you guys.
- No, you're fine.
(both laughing)
Is it in your muscles?
- It is.
That's not like, the primary system.
It's like a secondary effect.
A lot of the stuff that it
affects is like my balance.
Like, sometimes my hands
will just randomly stop doing things.
- Oh, okay.
I got nothing, dude, nothing.
What is your disability?
- I have cerebral palsy, which
is commonly abbreviated CP.
- How does that affect your life?
- Well, neurological disorders
can be kind of patchy,
so I'll have really good
days, and then other times,
I'll have really bad days, but
that doesn't necessarily mean
that I feel like I'm unable to do things.
- Sorry I didn't even get close.
(Bjork laughs)
- You're totally fine.
If I hadn't spent my entire
life in the medical system
and somebody just sprung this on me,
I would be like, what the fuck?
(both laughing)
Like, I wouldn't know
what it would be, so.
- Yeah, I guess.
Hello.
- Hey.
- I'm Bjork.
- I'm Lonnie, nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
So, tell me how your disability
affects your daily life.
- Because of it, I don't really do much.
I kind of prefer to isolate myself.
- Do you prefer that?
- Yeah.
- Hmm.
I've struggled with anxiety my whole life,
and that's kind of how I feel.
I like being alone, but I
also like being with people,
so that's what I would think.
- I mean, I do have anxiety.
It's kind of a part of it.
I have BPD.
- What is that?
- Borderline Personality Disorder.
- When did you realize?
- After I left high school,
I moved out and everything,
and I was like, you know,
maybe I need some help,
'cause I'm kind of all over the place.
And I kept trying to kill
myself, which isn't fun.
- I never would have guessed.
- Oh, thanks, I think.
- And I guess it's just
one of those things
that it's just like, you just
never know someone's story.
- I'm Rachel.
- Hi.
- I have multiple disabilities, so.
- How does it affect your work?
- The onset only happened
my senior year of college,
so these kind of prohibited my
original professional goals.
- Mmhmm.
Why do you have a chair?
'Cause you just get tired, or?
- It has to do with
one of my body systems.
- Ah, got it, okay.
I don't know what this would be called,
but maybe your nervous
system just has a hard time
communicating with another
system, is my guess.
I think that's my final guess.
- Okay.
But yeah, my conditions
aren't very common.
I guess the top three would be something
called Postural Orthostatic
Tachycardia Syndrome,
which basically means when I'm upright,
my heart rate goes up really fast.
So that's why, you know, if
I'm using my transport chair,
it's a lot easier for me
to go out and do things.
- Right.
- Second is Chronic Fatigue Syndrome,
and then the third one you
probably know, narcolepsy.
- Thank you for sharing that.
I appreciate it.
(Bjork laughs)
I am sweating.
I'm nervous, and I'm anxious,
and this is a lot.
(Bjork laughs)
Hello.
- Hi.
- How's it going?
- It's good.
I don't want you to be nervous.
I guarantee you, there's
nothing you're gonna ask me
that hasn't been asked or said.
- Do you have many limitations?
(woman laughs)
- My personality, I'm gonna say no.
I can do anything I wanna do.
I've been living with
this for like, 38 years.
So I don't know any different.
- Were you teased when you were younger?
- Severely.
- Do you feel like people
with your disability are commonly teased?
- I think because there
is a stereotype around it,
you do hear a lot of jokes from
comedians, from television.
It really paints this disability
in a really bad light.
- Oh, is it Tourette's?
That's just what comes
to mind because of what
you're explaining, but I
wouldn't have thought that.
So, did I guess you right?
- You did guess it right!
- I would have never
thought with what I know
from TV and movies and all that stuff.
- What do you know from TV and movies?
- Just the way it's depicted,
it's like, you know,
blurting out random stuff.
Not at all, like, not at all.
- I'm holding back my tics a little.
When I leave here, I'm gonna
let loose and just not.
(Bjork laughs)
So like, when you were saying limitations,
like, going to the movies, for example.
I love to go to the movies,
but I don't go by myself,
'cause I've been kicked
out of a theater before.
Medications don't work well for me.
I end up with every side effect.
And so, it's kind of a question
of, do I take the medication
to make the world comfortable.
- Or do I not?
- Or do I not take it,
and I'm comfortable?
- Well, thank you for
educating me on that,
because I just, I can't get over that.
Like, completely.
- Different.
- Different than what
I thought or imagined.
So, I'm so grateful, thank you.
Thank you so much.
- Mmhmm.
- Hello.
- How's it going?
- Good.
- [Bjork] So nice to meet you.
Bjork, what was your name again?
- Emilina.
- Emilina, beautiful name.
All right, so, you're wheelchair-bound.
Have you been this way your whole life?
- Actually, what do you mean by this way?
- Have you not been able to walk
your whole life is what I mean.
- There was a small window
where I was able to walk,
but I've always had a disability.
- Okay.
Does this have to do
with your spine at all?
- Yes.
- It does?
I think I know what this is,
but I can't remember what it's called.
- No, but I just, I feel
like I know this one
for the first time since I
started this whole thing,
and so I feel like I want to be right.
I'm so blanking on the word.
It's like, hurting my feelings.
(Bjork laughs)
- You're not hurting my
feelings if you don't remember.
- Thank you so much.
(Bjork laughs)
I think you have a problem
with your spinal cord?
- Is that your final answer?
- Yes.
- I was born with spina bifida.
- Yes, that's what I thought.
(Emilina laughs)
Give me an example of some
of the stupidity that you encounter.
(Emilina laughs)
I do makeup and I'm a voice actor.
I get a lot of, how do you
do makeup from a chair?
- What?
(Bjork laughs)
- Really?
How do you do voiceovers sitting down?
I wasn't aware that I
needed my butt up, you know?
- They're like, almost
limiting you, you know?
It's like, they put those limits on you.
- [Emilina] Right.
- Right?
Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
(Bjork laughs)
- Hello.
- I'm Sean.
- I'm Bjork, nice to meet you.
Is it more of like an internal thing?
- It's an internal thing.
- What do you do for work?
- I am a mechanic now.
- Where did you used to work before?
- I worked in the Air Force.
- You were in the Air Force?
PTSD?
- Why do you say that?
- Just like being in that environment
I feel like can cause PTSD.
- Being at home can cause PTSD.
- I guess that's true.
That's fair.
Okay, I don't know, that's
still my final guess,
just because I don't know.
(Sean laughs)
Okay, so I know I got you wrong.
- No, you got me right.
- Oh, I did?
- Yeah, you were absolutely right.
- Oh.
- I have physical triggers,
which are loud noises,
and then I have subconscious triggers,
which I didn't even know that
I had until late last year.
So if I'm driving in the car, and the sun
is coming through the window just right
and it heats the side of my
face, I'm back in Afghanistan.
- Wow.
- So for years, I thought
I was just going crazy,
until, you know, I see a
psychiatrist in a VA hospital.
- [Bjork] Yeah.
- And so, you know,
this is because of this,
and this is because of this.
- Thank you for sharing.
(Sean laughs)
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, I'm Bjork.
- I'm Gray.
- Let's start with your
social interactions.
- Ah, what social interactions?
- Do you not have social interactions?
- Very, very little.
- Because of pain or just your heart?
(Bjork laughs)
- It's pain mostly, but
there is a lot of fatigue.
- Were you born with this, or no?
- Huh, I'm gonna say yes,
and the reason it's a little unclear
is there's not a ton of
research behind that.
- Is it something that only affects women?
- Men do not have the necessary organs
for this to happen to them.
- Is it endometriosis?
Because I know there's not
too much research about it,
and men don't have the organs,
so I imagine that it
would be some lady bits.
(Bjork laughs)
Did I guess you right or wrong?
- You got me right, which
was like, I was shocked.
Medical professionals
don't even know what it is.
- Right.
- They think that if you have a baby,
it will cure your endometriosis.
- What?
- This is still being told.
In fact, I've heard
about an 18-year-old girl
who was told to get pregnant.
A lot of women, when they're pregnant,
they often don't have as many symptoms,
mostly because they're not on their cycle.
And then my other favorite
is having a hysterectomy,
'cause that'll cure it too,
which is also not true.
- Wow.
- Yeah, 'cause endometriosis
is not inside the uterus.
- Oh.
- It grows on the organs
outside the uterus.
And so, pregnancy, hysterectomy,
no, that doesn't cure endometriosis.
There is no cure.
- That's crazy.
- Tada!
(both laughing)
- Oh my God.
I can't imagine that.
- I feel like I learned a lot.
I felt like I was pretty
uneducated on like,
just different disabilities,
and I get anxious, and so,
it's happening now, but
yeah, I have severe anxiety.
(Bjork sobs)
- I don't know.
I never have, but it is something
that keeps me away from a lot, like,
just affects how I
work, and I've left jobs
because I just get too
overwhelmed or things like that.
So, yeah, I mean, it affects my life,
but I guess I just feel like
some people have it worse
than me, and so I don't, I
just never considered it that.
(crew applauds)
(Bjork laughs)